Links, paths, and anchors (#453)
holochain/docs-pages: src/pages/build/index.md

### Topics {data-no-toc}

* [Overview](/build/working-with-data/) --- general concepts related to working with data in Holochain
* [Identifiers](/build/identifiers) --- working with hashes and other unique IDs
* [Entries](/build/entries/) --- defining, creating, reading, updating, and deleting data

> * [Links, Paths, and Anchors](/build/links-paths-and-anchors/) --- creating relationships between data

Reviewer: :heart:

* [Overview](/build/working-with-data/) --- general concepts related to working with data in Holochain
* [Entries](/build/entries/) --- creating, reading, updating, and deleting

> * [Links, Paths, and Anchors](/build/links-paths-and-anchors/) --- creating and deleting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Links, Paths, and Anchors](/build/links-paths-and-anchors/) --- querying for data without already knowing the data's hash
```

I take these lines as being intended to be a quick description of the content of the page.
